https://codepen.io/mhillin/pen/KKVoNPE

CSS+HTML Practice - https://codepen.io/mhillin/pen/ZEQREje

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    
    It is using html so that it clearly conveys the meaning. 
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    
    It's used to create web pages.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    
    It's a modifier of html and is added to the HTML start tag.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    
    The main header and should only be used once.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
    
    img and class
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    
    metadata
    
    7. What is an id?
    
    an attribute that specfies a unique id for an element.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to?

    One

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?

    Once

    10. What is a class?

    An attribute that specifies one or more class names for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?

    On any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?

    Multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    Add a target="_blank" attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?

    It specifies alternative text for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?

    Double quotes

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    Section is a group that have things in common, div is one single thing.

    17. What is CSS used for?

    For styling your html.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    Id is for one element, class is multiply elements.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    p.human


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

    It selects all elements that are a direct child of the specific element.  Useful when you have a list or group.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    #sidebar:link

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    A selector that spedifies a special state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    text-transform: Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    .div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?

    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    /*     */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?

    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    li

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?

    rm    because you can delete everything

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    to maintain order and manage edits

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    Whenever you've completed something significant.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?

    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

     Branching - delete when done, every few days, small branches.
     Commenting - meaningful comments, it's a good habit, creates good communication.
     Committing - commit often.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    Block starts a new line and takes up the whole width, inline doesn't and only uses as much width as needed.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?

    It is positioned in an exact location.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?

    display: inline-block;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    <address>, <h1>, <nav>

    <textarea>, <input>

    <button>

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?

    It's a box that wraps around every html element.  It contains margins, borders, padding and content.

    box-sizing: border-box;